
Zermin Bhatti


 



Age:34
Temporary address: Muslim town. Naqsha stop, street 2. Fakhra Khawja, Lahore
Permanent address: Shabistan chock, Shabistan road, street 2, House no. 3 Surriya Kouser, Sheikhupura 
E-mail: zermine786@gmail.com 
Cell Phone: 0306-6481826
                 03126481826






OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging & demanding job in interactive design that will further enhance my knowledge & skills.

EXPERIENCE


May 2013-June 2019


2008- 2010


April 2012-May 2013

 
 Lecturer. City Science high secondary school(Kasur). Worked as chemistry lecturer along with 6 years as an coordinator from May 2013-June 2019.
Rana Group of Academies. Worked as chemistry lecturer additionally branch coordinator responsibilities included class management and staff hiring.
 Environmental Engineer. Private S.A Company (Lahore). Deal with solid waste management and industrial waste.

EDUCATION


2008-2010


2005-2006 
University of the Punjab. Master of Sciences (Mountain conservation and Water shed Management)

Lahore College for Women University (Lahore). B.S (Hons) (Chemistry) 

2003-2005 
Govt. Degree College for Women (Sheikupura) Bachelors of Science (Chemistry,Botany, Zoology)

2001-2003 
BISE LAHORE ( HSSC), High School, Pre-Medical 

1998-2000
BISE LAHORE ( HSSC), Matriculation, Sciences 


RELEVANT
SKILLS
Working as Coordinator and Supervisor

Developing a creative learning community across the instituteto have knowledge, understanding and enthusiasm for creative teaching and learning as a key to raising achievement, aspiration and motivation
To build a community of creative learning practice across the college involving all departments as appropriate.
to act as a facilitator in college,able to translate the institutes vision for creative learning into practical implementation
Coordinate, in partnership with the Creative Agent, meetings and activities with creative practitioners, staff and other partners
	
Working as Chemistry Specialist
Delivering Lectures, tutorials and seminars
Curriculumdevelopment,setting up Examination, Marking and Invigilation
Supervising students practical cclasses
              
Worked as Environmental Engineer
   Manage the solid waste of boiler the form of Ash
   Recycle the solid waste.
  Dumping the waste 

Internship at Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR)
Watershed Declination method in Arc GIS version 9.2
Watershed Management Techniques.
Water Resource of Management.
Glaciology (study related to Pakistan).
Water Quality ( Standards in Pakistan).
Water Harvesting Techniques in Mountainous Area.
Causes of Arsenic Contamination in Watershed.
Use of Agro-Metrological Instruments.
Historical Water Harvesting Techniques in Baluchistan.
Technical Report on Soan River water pollution.
Technical Report on Impacts of Environmental Parameters along elevation Lahore to  Khanspur.
Soil sampling at Lahore canal (subsurface, surface and trench sampling).
A Study of the Geological formations between Murree and Khanspur.


SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES



People management and strong communication skills
Managing and Hosting several talentshows as cocurricular activity
Working as Elancer, and Online Researcher
Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office, Excellent Report Writing, Presentation etc




REFERENCES


                    Will provide on demand




